README.md, before:

# Alien Extraction

#### Alien Extraction is a DIABLO-LIKE game themed in the ALIEN universe.

Players will take on the role of an elite soldier sent to an alien-infested planet to clear it of all hostile forms. The action focuses on multi-level raids, where players will have to explore, fight against saga enemies, manage their resources carefully to survive and not die in their attempt to complete the mission and discover the truth.

## System Requirements

| Hardware | Minimum | Recommended |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Central Processing Unit (CPU) | Intel Core i3-8100 3.5 GHz | Intel Core i7-12700K 3.6 GHz |
| Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) | NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050ti | NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3060 |
| Random Access Memory (RAM) | 16 GB | 32 GB |
| Free Disk Space | 2 GB | 3 GB |
| Operating System (OS) | Windows 10 | Windows 10 |

## Dependencies

> [!IMPORTANT]
> #### It is _required_ to download [Visual Studio Community 2022](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/es/free-developer-offers/) with the following extensions to execute the game.
> <table>
>   <tr>
>     <td align="center">
>       <img src="https://github.com/Clapcom-Studios/Alien-Extraction/assets/99948892/ded6aef0-c9ff-4666-95cb-3123b605b5cf" alt="Image 2"/>
>     </td>
>     <td align="center">
>       <img src="https://github.com/Clapcom-Studios/Alien-Extraction/assets/99948892/f4189760-dc3b-4a91-890b-5e1bb4180416" alt="Image 3"/>
>     </td>
>   </tr>
> </table>

## Installation

> [!IMPORTANT]
> #### In order to download and play the game you have to [Download the Latest Release](https://github.com/Clapcom-Studios/Alien-Extraction/releases) and extract the zip.
> It is recommended that you extract the zip on the parent folder of the disk, so that the path doesn't get too long. <br>
> (e.g. ```D:\ClapcomStudios-AlienExtraction_Gold```)
>
> In this case, the **executable path** will be as follows: <br>
> ```D:\ClapcomStudios-AlienExtraction_Gold\AlienExtraction\AlienExtraction.exe```
>
> It is recommended to make a **shortcut** of the game on your desktop.

## Controls

### GAME
    
| Button (XBOX / PS4) | Action           |
|:-------------------:|:----------------:|
| **Left Joystick**   | Move             |
| **LT / L2**         | Dash             |
| **RT / R2**         | Shoot            |
| **LB / L1**         | Heal             |
| **X / Square**      | Reload           |
| **A / X**           | Interact         |
| **RB / R1**         | Acid Spit        |
| **Y / Triangle**    | Predatory Rush   |
| **B / O**           | Tail Swipe       |
| **DPAD Right**      | Open Inventory   |
| **Start / Options** | Pause/Menu       |

### DEBUG KEYS

|            Key/Button            |               Action                 |
|:--------------------------------:|:------------------------------------:|
| **F1**                           | Activate Debug Keys & Show Colliders |
| **F5**                           | Take Damage                          |
| **F6**                           | Heal                                 |
| **F8**                           | Save Game                            |
| **F9**                           | Add Alien Core to Inventory (XP)     |
| **1**                            | Change to Weapon Submachine          |
| **2**                            | Change to Weapon Shotgun             |
| **3**                            | Change to Weapon Plasma Cannon       |
| **V**                            | Instant Death                        |
| **,**                            | Downgrade Weapon                     |
| **.**                            | Upgrade Weapon                       |
| **K**                            | Change to Exploration Music          |
| **L**                            | Change to Combat Music               |
| **NumPad 1**                     | Travel to Level 0 Base               |
| **NumPad 2**                     | Travel to Level 1 Warehouse          |
| **NumPad 3**                     | Travel to Level 2 Laboratory Part 1  |
| **NumPad 4**                     | Travel to Level 2 Laboratory Part 2  |
| **NumPad 5**                     | Travel to Level 3 Hatchery Part 1    |
| **NumPad 6**                     | Travel to Level 3 Hatchery Boss      |

## Website & Social Media

**Website:** https://clapcom-studios.github.io/Website/index.html

**Twitter/X:** https://x.com/AlienExtraction

**Linkedin:** https://www.linkedin.com/in/alien-extraction-citm-videogame-792bba307/

**Youtube:** https://www.youtube.com/@Clapcom_Studios

# About us: Clapcom Studios

Clapcom originated as a third-year project in the Video Game Design and Development bachelor's degree program at [CITM | UPC](https://www.citm.upc.edu/). It is comprised of members with diverse skills and talents across three departments.

If you want to know more in detail about the work of each member you can see it [here](https://clapcom-studios.github.io/Website/aboutus.html).

![Clapcom Studios](https://github.com/Clapcom-Studios/Alien-Extraction/assets/99948892/a5e6e568-38fa-4440-ae85-1f9363bb4397)

# About the engine: Ymir Engine

<img src="https://github.com/francesctr4/Ymir-Engine/assets/99948892/d686ac0f-9cc2-43b1-b6dd-1682679b1617" alt="YmirEngineLogo" width="300" height="300"/>

_Ymir Engine Logo_

### Made by: [Francesc Teruel Rodríguez](https://github.com/francesctr4)

### Repository Link: [Ymir Engine](https://github.com/francesctr4/Ymir-Engine)

### Current release version: [v0.3 - Shader Pipeline](https://github.com/francesctr4/Ymir-Engine/releases/tag/v0.3)

### GitHub page: [Ymir Engine Website](https://francesctr4.github.io/Ymir-Engine/)

## Description

Ymir Engine is part of the Game Engines subject, on the third year of the Videogame Design and Development degree, 
taught at CITM UPC (Terrassa) and supervised by [Miquel Suau](https://github.com/MayKoder).

The engine has been made from scratch in C++ using SDL and OpenGL to manage graphics. The main target of the project is to
be able to integrate complex systems such as graphics management and game engine architecture in a simple and understandable way
for educational purposes.

![Ymir Engine](https://github.com/Clapcom-Studios/Alien-Extraction/assets/99948892/e7bc2375-1484-473a-9125-35d1ea381f2d)

Commit message:

Added more info to engine section

README.md, after:

# Alien Extraction

#### Alien Extraction is a DIABLO-LIKE game themed in the ALIEN universe.

Players will take on the role of an elite soldier sent to an alien-infested planet to clear it of all hostile forms. The action focuses on multi-level raids, where players will have to explore, fight against saga enemies, manage their resources carefully to survive and not die in their attempt to complete the mission and discover the truth.

## System Requirements

| Hardware | Minimum | Recommended |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Central Processing Unit (CPU) | Intel Core i3-8100 3.5 GHz | Intel Core i7-12700K 3.6 GHz |
| Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) | NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050ti | NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3060 |
| Random Access Memory (RAM) | 16 GB | 32 GB |
| Free Disk Space | 2 GB | 3 GB |
| Operating System (OS) | Windows 10 | Windows 10 |

## Dependencies

> [!IMPORTANT]
> #### It is _required_ to download [Visual Studio Community 2022](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/es/free-developer-offers/) with the following extensions to execute the game.
> <table>
>   <tr>
>     <td align="center">
>       <img src="https://github.com/Clapcom-Studios/Alien-Extraction/assets/99948892/ded6aef0-c9ff-4666-95cb-3123b605b5cf" alt="Image 2"/>
>     </td>
>     <td align="center">
>       <img src="https://github.com/Clapcom-Studios/Alien-Extraction/assets/99948892/f4189760-dc3b-4a91-890b-5e1bb4180416" alt="Image 3"/>
>     </td>
>   </tr>
> </table>

## Installation

> [!IMPORTANT]
> #### In order to download and play the game you have to [Download the Latest Release](https://github.com/Clapcom-Studios/Alien-Extraction/releases) and extract the zip.
> It is recommended that you extract the zip on the parent folder of the disk, so that the path doesn't get too long. <br>
> (e.g. ```D:\ClapcomStudios-AlienExtraction_Gold```)
>
> In this case, the **executable path** will be as follows: <br>
> ```D:\ClapcomStudios-AlienExtraction_Gold\AlienExtraction\AlienExtraction.exe```
>
> It is recommended to make a **shortcut** of the game on your desktop.

## Controls

### GAME
    
| Button (XBOX / PS4) | Action           |
|:-------------------:|:----------------:|
| **Left Joystick**   | Move             |
| **LT / L2**         | Dash             |
| **RT / R2**         | Shoot            |
| **LB / L1**         | Heal             |
| **X / Square**      | Reload           |
| **A / X**           | Interact         |
| **RB / R1**         | Acid Spit        |
| **Y / Triangle**    | Predatory Rush   |
| **B / O**           | Tail Swipe       |
| **DPAD Right**      | Open Inventory   |
| **Start / Options** | Pause/Menu       |

### DEBUG KEYS

|            Key/Button            |               Action                 |
|:--------------------------------:|:------------------------------------:|
| **F1**                           | Activate Debug Keys & Show Colliders |
| **F5**                           | Take Damage                          |
| **F6**                           | Heal                                 |
| **F8**                           | Save Game                            |
| **F9**                           | Add Alien Core to Inventory (XP)     |
| **1**                            | Change to Weapon Submachine          |
| **2**                            | Change to Weapon Shotgun             |
| **3**                            | Change to Weapon Plasma Cannon       |
| **V**                            | Instant Death                        |
| **,**                            | Downgrade Weapon                     |
| **.**                            | Upgrade Weapon                       |
| **K**                            | Change to Exploration Music          |
| **L**                            | Change to Combat Music               |
| **NumPad 1**                     | Travel to Level 0 Base               |
| **NumPad 2**                     | Travel to Level 1 Warehouse          |
| **NumPad 3**                     | Travel to Level 2 Laboratory Part 1  |
| **NumPad 4**                     | Travel to Level 2 Laboratory Part 2  |
| **NumPad 5**                     | Travel to Level 3 Hatchery Part 1    |
| **NumPad 6**                     | Travel to Level 3 Hatchery Boss      |

## Website & Social Media

**Website:** https://clapcom-studios.github.io/Website/index.html

**Twitter/X:** https://x.com/AlienExtraction

**Linkedin:** https://www.linkedin.com/in/alien-extraction-citm-videogame-792bba307/

**Youtube:** https://www.youtube.com/@Clapcom_Studios

# About us: Clapcom Studios

Clapcom originated as a third-year project in the Video Game Design and Development bachelor's degree program at [CITM | UPC](https://www.citm.upc.edu/). It is comprised of members with diverse skills and talents across three departments.

If you want to know more in detail about the work of each member you can see it [here](https://clapcom-studios.github.io/Website/aboutus.html).

![Clapcom Studios](https://github.com/Clapcom-Studios/Alien-Extraction/assets/99948892/a5e6e568-38fa-4440-ae85-1f9363bb4397)

# About the engine: Ymir Engine

<img src="https://github.com/francesctr4/Ymir-Engine/assets/99948892/d686ac0f-9cc2-43b1-b6dd-1682679b1617" alt="YmirEngineLogo" width="300" height="300"/>

_Ymir Engine Logo_

### Made by: [Francesc Teruel Rodríguez](https://github.com/francesctr4)

### Repository Link: [Ymir Engine](https://github.com/francesctr4/Ymir-Engine)

### Current release version: [v0.3 - Shader Pipeline](https://github.com/francesctr4/Ymir-Engine/releases/tag/v0.3)

### GitHub page: [Ymir Engine Website](https://francesctr4.github.io/Ymir-Engine/)

## Description

Ymir Engine is part of the Game Engines subject, on the third year of the Videogame Design and Development degree, 
taught at CITM UPC (Terrassa) and supervised by [Miquel Suau](https://github.com/MayKoder).

The engine has been made from scratch in C++ using SDL and OpenGL to manage graphics. The main target of the project is to
be able to integrate complex systems such as graphics management and game engine architecture in a simple and understandable way
for educational purposes.

During the development of Alien Extraction, the engine was also being improved adding more high level systems, in order to be 
able to develop all the features required by the game.

![Ymir Engine](https://github.com/Clapcom-Studios/Alien-Extraction/assets/99948892/e7bc2375-1484-473a-9125-35d1ea381f2d)
